These oversimplified
labels get us nowhere.
And we are tired of them.
Aren't you?
As the world's storms swoosh around us.
We aim to be more like mountains.
Touched by the winds,
but not swept along with them.
Staying solid in what we know to be true.
In a world of false hero
and villain narratives.
We know nuance is our rebellious, radical act.
We know the best way to hold each
other to account is by building trust.
Not fear.
We know the more diverse a team is,
the better their work will be.
We know that hope is most powerful
when galvanised with action and a plan.
And while working with nuance,
trust, and respect
might sound really 'nice'.
It's also a proven way to better results.
We also know that when it comes
to preventable crises in health,
education, and climate,
progress isn't fast enough.
At Brink
it's this crisis that will keep
holding our care and attention.
Not the storms.
Issues that need clear-headed,
courageous people to stand
together through the headwinds.
Like the mountains.
If that sounds like you, let's partner up.